Comments from Newsgroup:

Anyone else playing Augmented Fourth? A very silly game; its humour reminds me of the style of Eric the Unready.
- David Welbourn <dsw@ionline.net>

I finished it with help from a couple people. I thought it was pretty good.
- Dan Shiovitz <dbs@cs.wisc.edu>

I am playing Augmented Fourth and so far my reflections are:
	- a cool and entertaining game
	- a nice way of replacing the 'spell' system by tunes you must play - I like that
	- good location descriptions
	- good humour
	- until I have played some more, I won't be able to go into any deeper review comments
- Anssi <fl.anssi@angelfire.com>

First off, let me mention that this is a pretty fun game. "Augmented Fourth is a game in the vein of early traditional puzzle-based IF." and I say "Finally!" Enough of all this artsy stuff; where's a good cave-crawl when you need it?

The lookup system is pretty neat, the humor is understated enough not to be totally annoying, and I like the way the author planned for lots of contingencies (putting the duck in lots of different rooms, putting the (possibly filled) cup or other items in the rubber band, etc.)  Also, I like music, so I'm generally having fun. Except that I'm stuck.

Let me mention again that I'm impressed with all the object interaction stuff you planned for. I poured water into the murder holes, broke the armadillo, and messed up all the furniture, all things that I don't think I would have thought of if I were coding the game. (You must have had great beta testers.)

-Amir Karger <karger@fermi2.chem.yale.edu>

I've had fun thus far -- silly puzzles, but logical.  Really, really like the tone and humor (I actually sat there and read all of Ahtha's entries -- I liked them that much :).

- d <curious_yellow@hotmail.com>

I liked the game too.  It went a little overboard with references to other games, though.  Or maybe I just saw more references then were really there :)

- Gabe McKean <gmckean@wsu.edu>

Have anyone mentioned "Augmented Fourth" and "World Apart". They a both really good games, and none of them requires any serius mapping.

- Anders Hellerup Madsen <anders@hellerup-madsen.dk>

I also started playing Augmented Fourth.  Whoever wrote this, thank you!
I'm having memories of Zork and Uunkulia.

- Mathew J. Binkley <binklmj5@wfu.edu>

>The feature in static fiction that I don't see how to reproduce in IF is 
>that old literary trick of having the reader know more than the character does. 

Augmented Fourth does something like this.  While you're trapped in
this wacky place and trying to get out, you see cutscenes of what's
going on back at home.  This isn't exactly suspenseful, but it does
do a good job of keeping the attempt to get home uppermost in the
player's mind even when the goal seems somewhat far away, and it's a
attempt to up the ante by showing you how the conditions deteriorate
without you around.  

- Dan Shiovitz <dbs@cs.wisc.edu>

Among the newer games you could try a game like Augmented Fourth
(very funny fantasy).

- Anders Hellerup Madsen <anders@hellerup-madsen.dk>

Congratulations on 'Augmented Fourth' 
Finally got around to playing this one; just wanted to say, 'good job.' I'll try to write a review up one of these days, and hopefully more people will play this game. 
Piddle Ball Champion Blask 

This card was created by Jonathan Blask ( ellison@zork.plover.net) expressly for Brian Uri. 

I love great graphics and cool animations. Great acting and music can be
great tools to set an atmospere in a game, but when I ten minutes ago
put together a list of my top ten adventure games, the only IF game I've
played so far (Augmented Fourth) made it to that list. (Games that
didn't make it on that list include all four Monkey Islands.) I think
that there'll always be room for IF but we can't expect everybody to
like it. You have to enjoy reading, you have to enjoy these kind of
puzzles and you have to enjoy these parts mixed together.

- Rikard Peterson (trumgottist@bigfoot.com)

XYZZY Awards 3/11/01

Charlotte says, "so, let's see. best npc."
Charlotte says, "first, we have a king, from augmented fourth by brian uri."
wuss claps.
caleb claps
LoneCleric claps.
jwalrus says, "yay king"
llamaboy claps.
Guest5 says, "claps"
Mona claps.
Emily claps
Gunther applauds
Rob claps.
katre claps
Charlotte says, "when i was a little girl my daddy took me to meet king augmented iv over in westphalia... he was a furry little man who kept licking my face."
BrenBarn says, "Yay"
Charlotte says, "wait, maybe that was a dog."
Gunther says, "ew"
MikeS claps
Paul claps
Mona says, "eww"
Urbatain claps, but no me entero de na XD
jwalrus laughs.
Frisco claps for the most underrated game this year.
Jota claps.
Sargent claps.

NamelessAdventurer says, "So this is the award for Best Puzzles. Man, back in my day, we had *real* puzzles."
NamelessAdventurer looks at the list.
NamelessAdventurer exclaims, "Augmented Fourth, by Brian Uri!"
veek says, "Woo!"
two-star exclaims, "yay!"
K-Y applauds.
Urbatain claps
stephenb shouts support
Sargent claps.
veek says, "Yay!"
Hloif claps.
Rob claps.
inky claps.
Gunther says, "yay game i didn't play!"
Emily says, "yay"
LoneCleric claps.
markm plays a chord
Mona says, "yay A4!"

